Overleaf - overleaf.com online LaTeX editor and collaboration tool
  Sign in via ORCID
  www.overleaf.com/project  - has link to Interstelalr Navigation (lauer)

-------------------------------

(198 words)

The location of New Horizons on 2020 April 23 as derived from the
directions to Proxima Cen and Wolf 359 measured from the spacecraft.
This is the view from the ecliptic north pole; the vertical axis is at
zero right ascension and the origin is the solar system barycenter.
The line P passes through the precise GAIA 3-D location of Proxima
Cen, in the direction measured from the spacecraft.  In other words,
the LORRI image of Proxima Cen constrains the spacecraft to lie on
line P.  Similarly, the LORRI image of Wolf 359 constrains the
spacecraft to lie on line W.  Combined, the two images determine the
spacecraft position on April 23 as the intersection of P and W.  The
trajectory NH is the actual path of the spacecraft from launch in 2006
through 2023, with ticks on January 1 each year.  Proxima Cen is
$\sim45^\circ$ south of the ecliptic, so line P tilts into the
page at that angle; Wolf 359 and the NH trajectory are within
$2^\circ$ of the ecliptic.  Lines P and W are slightly skew owing to
measurement errors, the errors in the LORRI-based direction
measurements being far greater than the GAIA position errors.

Original Fig 3 caption: (225 words)

The location of New Horizons on 2020 April 23, as derived from the
locations of Proxima Cen and Wolf 359 measured from the spacecraft, is
shown relative to the orbits of the outer planets viewed from the
ecliptic north pole.  The vertical axis corresponds to zero right
ascension.  The red and blue rays emanate from Proxima Cen and Wolf
359, respectively.  The direction to a given star as determined from
New Horizons, combined with the precise GAIA 3-D location of the star
referenced to the solar system barycenter, defines a ray giving the
allowed location of the the spacecraft.  The intersection of the two
rays is the only location where the positions of Proxima Cen and Wolf
359 observed from New Horizons are both consistent with GAIA
astrometry. Proxima Cen is $\sim45^\circ$ degrees south of the
ecliptic, so its ray is pointing up into the page at that angle.  Wolf
359 is nearly in the ecliptic plane. The inclination of the spacecraft
trajectory is slightly under $2^\circ.$ The trajectory shown is the
actual New Horizon trajectory from launch in 2006 to late 2024. Tick
marks denote years; the innermost mark corresponds to 2007.0. The
difference between the true NH location on 2020 April 23 and the
present result is evident as a very small displacement of the
intersection of the rays from the true trajectory.
